Are you going to kill me?
Even if you are the owner of Tianlong
What about the patron saint?
The wrath of our nine clans
You can't afford it either
I'll tell you what.
Those who are knowledgeable will return our luck
Restore the lifeblood of our clan
Otherwise, our nine clans will die with you
Deadly with me
Die with me
A group of people who don't know
Unknown ants
You also match
even if
Regardless of my identity as the son of the Chen family in the Northern Zhou Dynasty
I am still one of the four monarchs under the Saintess
Just ask you if I'm worthy
A mere king of Qi
Even a leftover woman wouldn't dare to kill me here
You don't even deserve to carry my shoes
Okay, I, Chen Yangfeng, learn the inspiration
Nine ethnic alliance
I swear to cut you in half today
Temporary Bone Breaking Demon Ash
I, Li Ruyun, support my Lanzhou Feng family on behalf of Li Jia
support support
Support me stop
Ruoxi
What are you doing here?
Dad, stop being obsessed
Countless casualties by Zhou Avalanche
The Chen family was hit hard
The world is in chaos
You can't continue to be wrong.
I implore the Lord to forgive my clan
I, Chen Ruoxi, am willing to abide by the marriage contract and marry you.
I just ask the Lord to take back his destiny
I married a reasonable person
Rare Ruoxi
You get up
I forbid you to marry him
Brother, are you confused?
This is about the lifeblood of our minister's family. The Northern Zhou Dynasty is healthy.
We don't treat
It's not too late to make amends, you
You shut up